Align put it all together alias transactions tutorial (#1099)
iotaledger/iota.js: documentation/docs/tutorials/alias-transactions/04-alias-transaction.md

const blockId = await client.blockSubmit(block);
console.log("Block Id:", blockId);
```

## Putting It All Together

> The complete source code of this part of the tutorial is available [here](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.js/blob/feat/stardust/packages/iota/examples/shimmer-alias-transaction-tutorial/src/alias-transaction.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The complete source code of this part of the tutorial is available in the [official iota.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/iotaledger/iota.js/blob/feat/stardust/packages/iota/examples/shimmer-alias-transaction-tutorial/src/alias-transaction.ts).
```
